[Music]
hello and welcome to bathrooms and if you're
Looking for ideas to update your bathroom
in a simple way and for little money in
this site we give you the inspiration to
I can do it, I'm a martine called
interior decorator and today you
I will teach how to give some more aspect
modern and romantic to a bathtub creating
a spa-like environment within yourself
home here we have a typical way
like white tiles although they are in
good condition its shape and color looks
a bit old-fashioned compared to the
decoration trends nowadays
where natural stones are used most
and mosaics usually in the past
the only way to renew an area like
this would knock down all the tiles and
start again but as you imagine
It would be very expensive and it would take a long time
then I have another solution
economical and easy that you will like
The idea is to cover the surface of the
bathtub with a new product like this
that gives us the blue look of the
mosaics
I'm intrigued not the first time
I saw this product
I could not believe fascinates me
difference of mosaics or tiles from
stone or porcelain like these that
they require many installation steps
This tile is made of a gel
special that simulates the same texture and
touch of a real mosaic but it's
flexible easy to cut and self-adhesive
They come in various styles to coordinate
with the decoration of your bathroom and you can
buy online or in some
home improvement stores I chose
this design by the variation of grays
that has as much metal as imitating
marble that as you can see complements
perfectly fine the existing color
of the bathroom the first thing we should do is
clean the surface well with a
product removes grease and let dry
It is very important to prepare the tile
to receive the new tile
self-adhesive is why we're
cleaning any putty residue
what we have then is as easy as
remove the protective paper from the back and
paste, I recommend you start with
the center of the wall and work towards
the ends to have the cuts
even on both sides
at the time of joining two tiles the
manufacturer recommends overlaying the
edge so that we have a
uniform separation between each tile
[Music]
when cutting the tiles
we simply measure and use a rule and
sharp cutter we make the cut over
a protected area
almost always the floors in homes
they have some kind of unevenness that's why
that it is very important to measure each space
individually to make sure that
each tile is cut to size
perfect
I decided to only cover the front of
the bathtub and the back wall in the
mosaic leaving the edge blank
existing but unify the old tile
with the new what do you think
we already have a bathtub that looks more
modern environment and now only
I need to give the romantic touch
Install a rod from the ceiling to
hang transparent curtain panels
on the sides
wow look at this the truth that as
designer needs a moment
[Applause]
now if we can continue
what did you think now we have a point
more modern focal point and look at the change in
One day we have transformed the bathtub
without any construction is
important to mention that although the
product resists moisture in a bathroom
the manufacturer does not recommend that
install in an area that is in contact
direct with the water as in the shower and
about toilet what a novel product
I really love it is only how to use
decorative but also how they saw is
perfect for pasting tiles or
even on a painted wall there are many
ways to use it so it may be that
this idea that they learned here in bathrooms
and it's exactly what they were looking for
I am a beloved king and see you soon
[Music]